THESE DAYS WITH KYOKO KONO
A NEW HOPE FOR ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS
JNT JAPAN NETWORK TELEVISION. INC.
OPEN IMMEDIATELY
BREAKING NEWS:
MAN CLAIMING RESPONSIBILITY
FOR LIVE TV MURDER REVEALED.
WHO IS THE MASTERMIND BEHIND THE INCIDENT
THAT OCCURRED DURING I LIKE MORNINGS?
FUJITA AND KAHO’S TERROR ZONE
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING!
VIDEO OF MAN SUSPECTED OF BEING BEHIND
THE MURDER OF PROFESSOR SANO
RE-ENACTMENT FOOTAGE OF THE DECEASED
AT THE TIME OF THE EXPLOSION
PART OF THE DECEASED’S BODY
(LUNG)
5 YEARS AGO
SAW THE NEWS. WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?
GET IN TOUCH WHEN YOU CAN?
THERE’S A POSSIBILITY OF A
CHEMICAL TERRORIST ATTACK.
DON’T COME TO THE SITE TOMORROW!
IT’S DANGEROUS.
TOKYO METROPOLIS
GOVERNOR MIURA WARNS CITIZENS
OF POSSIBLE CHEMICAL TERRORIST ATTACK
KYOKO KONO
1 MESSAGE
IT’S NOT HERE. 27 YEARS GO BUNKO RAMEN
WAS IN A DIFFERENT LOCATION.
KATSUSHIKA WARD. TATEISHIKA A 3-CHOME 17
BUNKO BUNKO RAMEN
LIVE: KATSUSHIKA WARD
LIVE: JNT REPORTER’S EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW
MAN WHO SAYS HE KILLED
PROF. SANO HOLDS PRESS CONFERENCE
TOKYO MYSTERIOUS MAN
CLAIMS TO BE A MURDERER
PROFESSOR DIES DURING LIVE BROADCAST
MAN CALLING HIMSELF THE HUMAN VAPOR
JNT REPORTER: WHO WAS INVOLVED?
I INTEND TO KILL YOU ALL. ONE BY ONE